origami flowers paper hyacinth
flower assembly
hello so flower module
hyacinth have already done learned the most
time to start assembling this flower
to get a flower like
on the picture
you need to make about 25-30 petals from
I went to this flower twenty six
points
each time the amount may vary
first we make the stem for our flower
for this, I take a strip of paper width 7
28 centimeters long and I will be his
twist into a tube by means of ordinary
skewers for kebabs
neatly wrap a piece of paper around
tubules around a skewer
from above you can put a drop of glue to
she did not spin
and neat and screwed in obliquely
the end of the tail I dig a bit too
glue as a result is such
tube about 6 millimeters thick
if desired, it can be inserted
wire for a year more reliably I
constantly forgetting to do it and in
principle without a tubule stalk too
performs its functions well on
petal
Apply pva glue so plentifully enough
and leave it to the top of our steppe
before wing the next petals i
a little bit
I bend the upper part of the module
I got 5 in the first round
petals
which stuck around the tube
next row I stick four
petals in staggered order
relation to the first row with the first two
rows simpler and the following petals are already
I do n't stick to anyone
circles and so where is the place much more convenient
paste where beautiful here already look
to your eye and therefore the amount
petals in each flower can be
different
so petals are gradually added
our flower grows so to speak
increases and the result is
here's a flower bud
hyacinth him you can do by
its discretion is shorter luxuriant
and so on, that is, to whom which option
closer to which option like this
the way the flower bud we made
proceed to the next stage do
leaves for our flower they are enough
simple and make them very fast
For this we take a square of paper you can
do one on whom size you can do
different sizes may be 15-20
centimeters at your discretion so take
squared paper we fold it by
I rotate the diagonal
to this diagonal we fold the downsides
top corner for one and a half
centimeter bend down and in the top
the sides are also folded diagonally
such a billet should turn out
after that the downs again
we fold to the diagonal
we got a little twist it
top and glue to the stalk
two or four can be made
leaves as you like this flower
you can either put a vase or save
for him some kind of box in this
If I want to show you how to do it
simple
a stand for our hyacinth have
will keep pretty good for
this will need to be done somewhat
tubules which we kids make for
stalk stuff five six
these tubes are flattened and twisted
around the pencil the result is
Here is such a circle as
twist and coat the glue tubes in
the middle of this circle I insert our
stalk and bottom it well
glue
for durability everything is still on top
grease with glue and this is how our
a flower in such a coaster
and I for my hyacinth this time
I wanted to make fetters instead of leaves
corrugated vase and by the way I will be glad
hear the comments which option you
liked more podstavochki
or corrugation vases for today all
beautiful flowers to you
subscribe to the channel and leave
your comments see you soon
Thanks for attention